I can I get a citizen's complaint form
can I get a citizen's complaint for yes
I can plate for ya complaint against an
officer okay oh good I'll sign in a
minute I'll just go ahead and get it I
just want to form a tiny
yes I'm gonna lobby right now I'm just
asking me to get it employed for it yes
I've complained against an officer
do I need to give you all that
information I just needed complaint form
do you guys
now this I just like a form that I can
turn in I don't want that you guys don't
have a form or like any sort of document
that I can write a complaint on okay
yes yes I did yes they told me that to
come to the phone
is it alright if I come back later on
today to see if you can find out a
little bit more information because I
just want to pick up a form and get a
physical copy of it I can I can come
back later
that's fine I can just come back later
and what time did you love close at 5:00
yeah I'll come back a little later all
right all right thank you
yes I came by earlier and I was asking
about a complaint for money we were
needing to check on it so just okay so
you say I don't have actual physical
complaint for it so you don't have a
complaint for me you don't have a
complaint for yeah i'll speaking to a
lady and she says she spoke words in it
and they had a complaint form from a
while ago
you can find it yeah okay all right
don't worry thank you